Vivian: Way that they solve their problems.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Good? And and has it? Has it helped shape anything for you, Vivian, as far as anything helpful that you could do next.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or that you want to apply to what you're gonna do with your business.
Vivian: Yeah, absolutely. There's a bunch of things things that are like.
Vivian: that Dan was doing early on that I tried doing and just like
Vivian: didn't refine it. And I think that was really motivational to like, see how he really like got obsessed over 2 months. And
Vivian: yeah, that's really cool.
Vivian: And thanks.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, Dan has. If you can gather like a bit of an indomitable spirit.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, I'll I gotta let Chris in one second. I'm coming. I'll let him in. I'll let him in. You're good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I accidentally locked the door.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I just wants to hang out with me.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Get in here, man, you're good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But yeah, Dan has an indomitable spirit like, and I I can't just tell you all to be like him. But I will say like there's something to be said whenever I see anybody who's like either licking their wounds, or is feeling kind of down about some aspect of the business that isn't thriving or doing well like I would have a what would Dan do? And a what would Mert do? Wristband on my on my body? Because whenever I look down at them. I'm like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I guess I just need to suck it up and jam, because this is just the life of a startup founder, and like every single day is gonna have ridiculous ups and downs. But this is what I signed up for, and I'm gonna win, anyway.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's kind of the energy, you know.
Vivian: That's what it takes. So yeah, really, awesome.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, like, I mean, how do we get multi 1 million dollar outcomes and exits 5 to 10 years from now with any business? And why is the rest of your team and employees gonna look at you like, why do you guys get to get the biggest part of the pie? And it's like, well, you don't know what I went through to get here.
Vivian: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, so cool any other thoughts. Feedback. Ankur. I'm looking at you, man. I know you always have thoughts.
Ankur Toshniwal: The well, okay. So oh, Bob's 1st I think, Bob, I think, actually, interestingly enough, listening to how he was breaking down. Everyone else's business was a little bit more particularly useful for us, I think, for us specifically, that my main takeaway was like focus on how
Ankur Toshniwal: our product is changing our relation, changing the relationship of
Ankur Toshniwal: our customers to their customers. Right? Because that's like we're kind of like the back end for it. So making, ensuring that because of harvest, people like sales play act, for example, is gonna be like
Ankur Toshniwal: we, our customers love us because we can get better insight for them in every, in every facet. Right? So that makes a lot of sense to us. I think it's really hard, though, I think, to get
Ankur Toshniwal: for him to be able to dive super deep and really get the type of insight that is more nuanced. It's really fast and so
Ankur Toshniwal: I don't know what you guys can do. As far as structure goes. I know his time is so valuable, and I understand why you do it this way, because he's he's also, you know, quick and stuff, but
Ankur Toshniwal: In some ways, I think we almost gained more value by listening to him break down other companies where he has more experience than our specific one, unfortunately, but it was either way extremely valuable to learn how he thinks about it. And how he speaks really, clearly, and how he keeps things to. There's like 4 metrics, that matter. I do not give a shit about anything else. Right. He's like, What's your churn? What's your revenue?
Ankur Toshniwal: Are you increasing sales? What's your relationship with your customer? And like, That's it like? Don't worry about anything else. So that was nice to hear and hear it on a repeated basis. How he took that same
Ankur Toshniwal: philosophy and applied it to all these different businesses. I mean, that was demand side sales. But
Ankur Toshniwal: seeing someone kind of adapt in real time to all the different things, really.
Ankur Toshniwal: really emphasizing the fact that it truly does apply. It's not just something. It's not like theory, right? It can. It can really apply. So I think that's cool to see in real time, even if they're for us, at least specifically for harvest, was
Ankur Toshniwal: not exactly a totally actionable thing that came out of it. it is makes makes us want to like
Ankur Toshniwal: oh.
Ankur Toshniwal: go deeper and believe even more so in demand side sales. Not that we didn't, but just like see it. In practice. It's cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. Well, I I'm not able to say it out loud. But or normally so, Chloe, if you don't mind, can you pause the recording.
Andrew Fernandes: Maybe.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, sorry go ahead!
Andrew Fernandes: Oh, yeah, I think it might be worth.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Andrew, you go. And then, Chris.
Andrew Fernandes: Okay, yeah, I I think you might. I don't know if you said it, but it might be worth emphasizing at the beginning that I've tried all these other frameworks. This is the one that works the most. And this is why.
Andrew Fernandes: with regard to jobs you definitely emphasize, this is the one thing I want you to take away, but emphasize the fact. I've looked at all these others. I've seen all these other ones many times. This is the one that works.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I I totally agree with your feedback, Andrew. Thank you. All right, Chris. I'm muting.
Chris Wong: Yeah, I I thought it was real. I I did really like the format where you went into different companies because you started to get like kernels of information through each one. So that was really helpful, and it gave like a live like practical, like dive dive, deep kind of experience. I thought one thing would be helpful is kind of getting a little bit more time with him, because I there was some like kernels I was trying to get at at least my experience from for ours. He was. I was surprised by how fast he was able to like, identify where the the hurdles are, and the pain and the problem that you're trying to fit like we're facing.
Chris Wong: I think one thing that could have been helpful was
Chris Wong: part of part of my experience was kind of giving him a little bit information from the Jtpd's that we've done to kind of like. Give him a little more color on it, so I don't know if that's like giving it ahead of time more or like letting him kind of bake on like the the work that was done. For the Jtpd's, and it it mine could have been the fact that I like, submitted mine late. So I'll take. I'll take a fault on that one, but like kind of looking at the work that we've done, and kind of like giving us a little more tailored kind of feedback on that one expectation I had was like.
Chris Wong: if we were on the right track, or whether we need to do more Jtbds in this area, or like, where do we go? From? Where we're at to the next step? The next immediate step
Chris Wong: would be helpful. But otherwise, like I yeah. So on that front. Just maybe more understanding of like kind of the work that we've done and where we should go next. And a little more time.
Chris Wong: But other than that, like, I was just yeah. I was pretty surprised by how he was able to map his depth of understanding with kind of the work that he's done before with our current like company. And then almost like he's almost like playing chess a little bit, because he was like, well, the end game is this is how you win. And it's like, Okay, like, got it like he's able to like, get to that. And I just would like to break down like how he like got to that step of like kind of the end game a little bit like, what? What are the things that he was thinking about to kind of get him there. But yeah, otherwise I thought it was overall super, you know.
Chris Wong: it's like, Oh, and one last one is like being able to do like a QA. At the end, because there was some quick. We we did the Jtpd like work, and like the framework. And so there was kind of general questions that I had in my mind that I wanted to kind of like pick his brain on, and I tried to look at his other like talks and stuff to like get that answer. But it was like wanted to like, ask some kind of general questions about the process. One, like the example that comes to my mind is like
Chris Wong: for b 2 b companies when you have like a decision maker, and then a buyer like, what's the Jtbd. Like to get the best kind of information like that? And then how you integrate those 2 Jtbs together to kind of cut like a full picture of that. But anyways, yeah, that's it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Chris, if you wanna mute, okay, cool, I'll respond to what you said, and then we can hear from encore next.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: a few things. One.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I will try to give you access more access to Bob. But just so, you know, it's rare for him to even do this like like he says no to every other
Neal Sáles-Griffin: techstars request, or Y combinator or individual companies like Dude's time, is super valuable to him, and he is very exclusive, and it's very expensive. So the fact that we even had 2 h with him yesterday where he's willing to do that is like more of a favor to me than it is like his willingness or obligation in any respect. That being said like I told you with Jake.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: he will help you if there's a reason for him to interact, and if I,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, like and and willing to bridge now, you can reach out to him directly, and every now and then he might respond. He may or may not. I don't know no guarantees there, but I recommend all of you to contact Bob and thank him for the workshop and like expand on what he talked to you about and like. Let him know if you have additional questions, and if you don't hear back from him. I can help escalate it and get a response, and reach out to him directly to do so. I talk to Bob every week, but that's not access that everybody's gonna be able to hatch.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I just wanna make sure I manage that expectation. Because, like, yeah, his. Yeah, his. His time is insane, and the fact that I get him for our startups is an exclusive deal.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: For for this program and for you guys encore.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, so sorry, Carlo. and one of the things that I I really
Ankur Toshniwal: maybe it's just like this like version, where I really want to know how his theory applies to like
Ankur Toshniwal: not 100 million dollar companies. I mean, like trillion dollar companies, 1 billion dollar companies. Right? I know that you guys talked about Facebook, Meta place, but I what I and and the marketplace. But I wanted to almost understand how his breakdown of how some of the biggest companies in the world like when, whether Netflix started, how did the CEO did Reed Hastings break down, break it down right? Well, what's his analysis of like.
Ankur Toshniwal: how was
Ankur Toshniwal: demand side sales? Maybe, even if the Ceos didn't apply it directly, as like, they didn't say that they did this. How were they actually doing it in in practice.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes, yeah, I'm here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And the reason so Steve Jobs is a good example for that.
Ankur Toshniwal: Right? Right? And and the reason I'm sorry. The reason I asked that is because there are certain there's levels to it, right? There's people who are operating here, and then, you see the people who are operating here now, there might not actually be a difference.
Ankur Toshniwal: But you we
Ankur Toshniwal: to be able to bridge that gap is like, I wanna learn. I wanna also learn. How is Steve Jobs thinking, how is whatever? You know, Sam Altman, or whatever these top people at the top thinking through and they have a lot of different frameworks that they're applying and I kinda wanna understand, how does the jobs framework.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep.
Ankur Toshniwal: Apply in that level because my my ambition isn't like to be a a million dollar business. And we're trying to build a billion dollar.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes, that's exactly right.
Ankur Toshniwal: And so I wanna I wanna just understand how it applies.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I love that.
Ankur Toshniwal: Level.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I love that ankur. Why don't we talk about this together like maybe you and I can have like a a like a mind. You know, Mastermind, like session, where we talk through what I think would make the most sense. But as a quick hint
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm gonna say 2, 3, 3 names. Steve Jobs.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Jeff Bezos, Jason freed. So I think those 3 as a starting point.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then we can expand beyond that. But I think those 3 people. If you study what they say, wherever they talk.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you're gonna find the same language of what Bob is talking about, and teaches.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah. And it's but it's even more nuanced right? Like. So like everyone.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I agree.
Ankur Toshniwal: And that's the part is like, okay. So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Totally. That's why we're going to work.
Ankur Toshniwal: Right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You and I. Let's break it down and talk about the origin story of each of these individuals as they went about embarking on business, how they thought about what businesses they wanted to make, because it's not a mistake that each of those people that I just mentioned built 1 billion dollar companies.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But did so in a way where they intended to from the beginning, in some sense.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, cool. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. Carlo.
Carlo Scaglia: I've only like frustrating in a good way, in the sense that
Carlo Scaglia: I think the chat with Bob
Carlo Scaglia: reassured me that my Jdbds were done. Well, then, that's also why I sent you a message, because I want to understand if that's like, if I perceive that correctly, but in the sense that nothing of what he just simply guided me to to think and process that made more sense. But it was nothing that surprised me, and the outcome, which was really reassuring.
Carlo Scaglia: But then it was the same as when, like with with the demand side sales and competing against lock, I find it frustrating when you know, you've got the right thing. But then it's like, how do I implement that on a scale process and actually like use that to grow my business. Same with the milkshake approaches. Okay, they identified that. People just wanted it for convenience.
Carlo Scaglia: How does that change? How they sell it? And I think Dan's chat was really cool, but then it was also like.
Carlo Scaglia: That's that little step just ahead. And I understand the process I really get. I really like it.
Carlo Scaglia: But then, as you said, also, toss is that you're still in that kind of like early phase and scrapping stuff together. So it's kind of like I know what we have. What we have
Carlo Scaglia: is really powerful, and it's really good.
Carlo Scaglia: But it's not yet at the level, through that scale. Iterative process that Dan was talking about, so I found it still. Really.
Carlo Scaglia: I get frustrated with having so many different options, but still struggling to put them like, put my ducks in a row and be like doing this, hitting this, doing that, one doing that one or bringing to XI could.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah.
Carlo Scaglia: Half guessing game around it, you know.
Ankur Toshniwal: Sorry I just wanted to do, Carlo. I picked. I have had the same exact feeling with when Dan said that to you specifically, because
Ankur Toshniwal: I think that is, it felt like it was applicable to you. And I was like, Wait. Why? Why is it too early to do those things? And I was a little confused by that I mean.
Carlo Scaglia: System.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, yeah, but it it felt like it felt like, for some reason people are saying like, Oh, like, this is, like, not people, but it felt like for a moment right there in that moment was like, Oh, that's for me, not for you. And then you're like, okay, then what's for me like? How do I act on it then? Like what? What is, what? How do? What do I do with this? Then? Right, if it if you're saying we're too early. I don't know. It's a little tricky.
Carlo Scaglia: Job is to tell us what to do. But it's like understanding how we take
Carlo Scaglia: these kind of founding informations that are different stages, and we fit in between. It's like, how do you make sense
Carlo Scaglia: of everything to then turn into like a process that you're confident
Carlo Scaglia: in pursuing? Because at least I don't know about you guys, but one of my struggles is I pursue one thing heads down. It's like fuck like actually. Now something else come in, and I do that one, and it's like, Oh, you should do that one, and I'm like, My God, you're right, fuck. I need to do that one, too, right? And then I end up doing a bunch of half things.
Carlo Scaglia: and it's like they're all kind of right. But you're not sure which one is the most right, you know, to really pull that lever to get to the next step. And it's that
Carlo Scaglia: kind of guess, boiling, frustrating frustration, knowing that you've got the right thing, and it's got a great amount of potential because you've already tested it.
Carlo Scaglia: But now, how do we go from a tested potential to like.
Carlo Scaglia: Probably shit. Everyone's using it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: None of us can be the CEO for you, Carlo, but I will sit down with you and iron out all of the specific experiments and goals that you have and get aggressive and like very intense about which things you might need to sacrifice in order to focus on a few key experiments that you think will get you there.
Ankur Toshniwal: Maybe the takeaway is that once you do know, then you're gonna know. And unfortunately.
Ankur Toshniwal: it's the process of you know, like, and until you put together those pieces, then you're going to be in dance seat, being like, hey? This is what I did now. It may not apply to your business, but like, and it may not be right for you, or whatever it's possible, and that's I. I feel it, man, that's frustrating. But it's probably also probably. Why, companies have IP in the sales motion itself
Ankur Toshniwal: right like there's IP there. And I thought it was actually really interesting point, putting together pieces from other talks that someone had talked about. Who was it? Let's talked about sales. IP.
Andrew Fernandes: Yes, it was like last week, or maybe the week before someone said that your sales process is part of your Id.
Ankur Toshniwal: And I was, yeah.
Ankur Toshniwal: like, Carla, I'm excited to see how you're probably gonna walk away with this saying like, Oh, actually, we have sales IP, because you put together like 15 different like things. And like, this is the one that worked, and you know no one could tell it to you, you had to put it together. This is just hard.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I love the notion of sales. IP. That's great.
Carlo Scaglia: It's a to recap. It's like a positive frustration, because, on one hand it proves on the right track.
Carlo Scaglia: On the other hand, it's like. Oh, fuck's sake, you know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, anyone else.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So this won't take long. We've got about 40 min definitely 40 min. I have to hard stop because I have a zest board meeting right at the top of the hour before with Jake. So we're at 2
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so take a look at this. Take it in. I've got your lean canvases pulled up on the next tab, and we're gonna pick out a few people to talk through but would love for you all to digest this. You might have to zoom in a little bit. I know it's a little small of a of a font, so if you know how to zoom in on your computer. Do that? You need me to open it as a separate file and zoom in, let me know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And, by the way, this isn't a currently in canvas. This was back when he was doing tech Sars. So this is like fundamentally shifted and changed. I'll try to get an updated one from him.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'm happy to share this with you all afterwards as a reference point. But at the time when I was running this program with Jake in it. Verona was also in the same program as Jake. This was probably more of a gold standard. It was close and directionally correct to what I was hoping some founders would come up with. There are some areas here that needed some work and improvement, and we're a little paltry, such as channels. That being said, I wanted to use this as a way to kind of simplify keeping your business on a single snapshot well documented.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So this is why I asked you all, when you applied to techsars to do this. There are plenty of versions of canvases that exist. So, for example, there's an even simpler one that is decent, but still misses out, I think, on some components that lean canvas that's better. But even like something as simple as this
Neal Sáles-Griffin: might be helpful for you all to think about, always being able to consistently and cleanly summarize what it is that you are doing with your business, so to bring it back here for a second. There are 2 boxes here that matter more than anything else. First, st
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm curious to know which ones you think they are.
Alex Nativelle: Problem.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep, and.
Alex Nativelle: Customer, segments.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Exactly. Thank you. So the whole point of like my energy here, with wanting to talk to you all about this is that the problem in customer segments. Boxes have to be done 1st and done really well
Neal Sáles-Griffin: once those are dialed in everything else, kind of falls into place to a certain extent.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but the next area that people tend to struggle with Uvp and unfair advantage.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So problem, customer segment is the most important Uvp and unfair advantage, and to be the toughest to actually get right. And to be confident about that. I've seen with founders who fill this out. The rest are things that you guys have had our support in developing, or you already had coming in. Or you know, you're actively working on your solution. A lot to talk about there, especially for folks like Carlo, that are envisioning new tech to build out
Neal Sáles-Griffin: channels. That's like a sales proxy. Obviously, so, jobs to be done through customer segments help you figure that out. Your metrics. You guys do every week, and we're refining that, giving you feedback
Neal Sáles-Griffin: revenue stream and cost structure. Lots of business math and maneuvering financial models and creative thinking about business model but I use this lean canvas as a proxy, for, like how well a founder can truly articulate what it is that you're here to do.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and any company that, or sorry, any person that you bring into your team.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you should be able to share a document like this for them to wrap their head around. What it is that we're here to do as a as a team. And as a business. So, in addition to the why, before the why, which is like a deep dive, write up of who your customer is, and who we're here to help. This is like, Hey, early team member 1st 5, 1st 10. I want you to understand my entire company and our business and our strategy, and this is my way of talking you through it and explaining it to you clearly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I use this as an appendix whenever I recommend. You know a company in an investor conversation or call if I use it as a reference point. If I need to talk to someone at a high level about my business. And they're gonna drill into specific areas. This is kind of like my starting table of contents.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: For how I would drill into aspects of the business and and speak about it cogently. So any questions about the boxes clarifying any of these components before we look at some of you all's and talk through them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It all makes sense.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, Carlo.
Carlo Scaglia: I was saying. It's all good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. So who wants to? Who wants to go on the chopping block?
Carlo Scaglia: Hold on the trouble block.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There we go. I already knew it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So let's talk through this. And then I guess we can. I mean, Carla, we can focus on problem and customer segment. If it's most helpful to you, there's other areas you want us to like, spend time talking through and giving feedback on. Let's do that.
Carlo Scaglia: Sure
Carlo Scaglia: as in. Do you want me to start going through it, or like, what's the approach with this? Do I need to like? Give them my feedback, based on what I've learned from the past almost 2 months.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I want everyone here to read the problem in customer segments box for the next 30 seconds, and then I, Carlo, I want you to explain what's different. And then I want to talk through what's helpful for you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool. So take 30 seconds. Read those sections, and then we'll talk about it
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool? Okay, any clarifying updates, Carlo, before we ask you questions about it.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, one overarching one is the fact that mainly problem on customer segment are not fundamentally wrong. They're just not the best
Carlo Scaglia: one. So within the problem. Yes, there is a fast growing demand of content campaigns.
Carlo Scaglia: but it's when I write advertising advertisers are dying, shown by massive layoffs.
Carlo Scaglia: That's kind of correct. But what's more, credit is the fact that the huge old school ones are dying off because they're used to the old big productions
Carlo Scaglia: instead. What's been rising is these medium sized, super agile agencies, like the one that I sent you nearby, like the founder of Akq.
Carlo Scaglia: A new one.
Carlo Scaglia: and that brands will still always go to an agency from a safety net. But instead, it's these medium sized agencies that require solutions like ours to power all of them
Carlo Scaglia: campaigns, and they really struggled to find the right people to keep up with production. They need to source fast as they can do more jobs and actually
Carlo Scaglia: stay afloat. So in the customer, segment is no longer these medium to large brands, because either they work with agencies or their kpis are not
Carlo Scaglia: title revenue goal. They're just a number that they address because they think they have to do it. So the customer segment is now the producers within these medium sized agencies that work
Carlo Scaglia: 3 to 5 different briefs every single month.
Carlo Scaglia: So, yeah, that's been the fundamental change between the problem and customer segment where the original one was not
Carlo Scaglia: to say wrong is just, was too superficial.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Correct. Yeah. So I was gonna say, like reading this, there's a very obvious deficiency, I think, in both the problem and customer segment box. But I, before I make like, give that out. I'm curious to know if anyone else on the call once either ask or comment about what I'm referring to.
Ankur Toshniwal: The the problems are trends.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Correct.
Ankur Toshniwal: They're not problems that your users face so like
Ankur Toshniwal: they that you said it, Carlo, at the end, which is perfect, which is they? Your customer can't.
Ankur Toshniwal: can't create content fast enough. That's the core. If that's 1 of the problems that's an actual problem.
Ankur Toshniwal: The rest of this stuff is trends as to why? It's a problem which are really important. But they're not the actual problem.
Ankur Toshniwal: The problem is, they can't create content fast enough.
Ankur Toshniwal: and they can't do it, because whatever whatever whatever but that's the if that's the core problem, I don't know all of your core problem. But that's the problem. And the second problem is, it costs too much to make content right? Or you know, if those are the 2 things, those are problems.
Ankur Toshniwal: And then the rest of them are friends.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, as to why? Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Anyone else want to add anything for specifically customer segments.
Alex Nativelle: I would say, I find it like what you said, like what is written here for me is way too broad, and then for you. I would love to get more. I think you have way more insights into like you said, you know, leaner medium size agency. But that's probably way more stuff that you uncover during the jobs into like very specific types of customers.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Exactly what I'm seeing. Here are demographics and personas, not situations and struggling moments, and like more detailed circumstances that are targeted directly towards the most ideal customers that you need to target early on Carlo. And you did like. On course, said allude to that with what you were saying. That's an update to this. So I'd love to see that update. And we're gonna give you all time, like in a few minutes to probably workshop this in smaller groups, but
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I do want to. Probably maybe we'll pull up a few more examples to talk through it. This is a very common flaw that the vast majority of companies that document their business model either on lean canvas or in written form, or in decks when they pitch to investors anything.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Most of the time they're offering up these like demographics rather than the circumstances. So let's go back really quickly
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and reread the customer segment possessed.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Compare this to what you just read from Carlo and what he wrote up, and it'll start to illuminate that at this stage in the program. That's how seriously Jake was taking lean canvases. I mean our jobs to be done in the lean canvas.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He updated this with those new insights.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you're familiar with who his customers are and what they're struggling with, and who they tend to be, and what they're up to, and even more refined with early adoption.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I would love to see this level of of nuanced detail with respect to all of you having done jobs to be done so incessantly so far
Neal Sáles-Griffin: within that customer segment section as well as in the problem box. Like anchor. I highlighted for Carlo.
Ankur Toshniwal: One thing, though, I will say I didn't really understand the 1st problem bullet.
Ankur Toshniwal: Now let's.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: People want to learn how kitchen sink intuition about food in a way.
Ankur Toshniwal: To learn how kitchen sink intuition about food in a way that fits into their. That sentence doesn't make sense.
Ankur Toshniwal: Didn't get.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's it's a typo. So my understanding of that at the time was there was what Jake was learning and struggling with was that people would go into the kitchen and like they just kind of had stuff.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And they're like sorting out the stuff that they have. And that was one of the problems that he wanted to solve, and he actually just rolled out that exciting like AI product.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That kind of becomes like your pantry. And it like sorts out your pantry, and figures out recipes and stuff from the Internet, and beyond which is great. But he's finally addressing this now, which is cool to see that as the 1st problem.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, like I would, I would go. I would say, even number 2. That's still like, kind of
Ankur Toshniwal: young people have been told this. But why is that a problem? Right? The problem is probably that they want to. Young people are trying to build adult skills and.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Ankur Toshniwal: Do it right. That's that's the conversion from trend to problem.
Carlo Scaglia: We don't currently.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yes.
Carlo Scaglia: Like. For me. The problems were a bit loose and all that like I found the customer segment super clear.
Carlo Scaglia: But the problems.
Carlo Scaglia: even like people want to impress their loved ones. I'm like, is that a problem? Or is that just kind of like something they like to do?
Ankur Toshniwal: Right? Exactly. That's the thing. And then the problem might be that they're feeling disconnected or like, the problem is like they, they're they're left out of conversations, and they feel disconnected, or some some something like that. I don't know what it is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So apply that same scrutiny over here for Xori. Right? So let's you gotta get to there we go.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So let's do the same thing. What are we thinking there? So Jake had his little thing that we just refined right. But now, when I look at this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I feel like we're even further out.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool.
Andrew Fernandes: Yeah, in the case of Jake, I think if if he added on to those bullets and I feel this emotion or they they feel this emotion. They feel incompetent or helpless, or whatever.
Andrew Fernandes: That's the bridge. In the case of Carlo I think it's
Andrew Fernandes: it could be an emotion, but I think it'd be more quantifiable if you just said dollar value or time value
Andrew Fernandes: being lost.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay. Who else wants? Some love.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, let's go.
Alex Nativelle: Okay, that's gonna be fun.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, let's do the 1st one.
Alex Nativelle: It's gonna be better.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Take 30 seconds.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Thoughts, comments, feedback clarifications. Alex. You can offer it up 1st before people comment. If you'd like.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, I think those are things that we have. Still like the problem of students, I think we went deeper into it. And that's yeah. Basically, they don't have resources. The stress factor is very important. And that helps us refine also the
Alex Nativelle: target for like the students. So it's very much so for very stressed students, for very.
Alex Nativelle: they feel like the positions are hard to get. They're very competitive. And so that's where they tend to put most efforts into into those positions.
Alex Nativelle: And for the coaches, I would say the second bullet point is a big one, definitely, and then for the customer segments there's 1 that is really important, which is apprenticeship, which is something in France that we've discovered.
Alex Nativelle: which is basically the students go and work while they're studying with a company, and they get paid to do that. But if they don't get the contract with the company, then they can't pay for the school, and the school has spent money chasing them, and then gets nothing out of it. So the conversion, the fact that they get a job while studying is, you know their Ltv. Of the students.
Alex Nativelle: I don't know if that makes sense.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No, I guess that that tracks for me. But any thoughts or feedback from the group.
Chris Wong: Yeah, I thought this one for this I was. There's a disconnect between the customer segment. I think it's a little too high level. And then the problems that are faced here. So like, I'm looking at higher education institutions. And maybe it's like what type of higher institution it's like, what types of them like? Are they graduate school or undergrad? And then even deeper like, is it like a group within the institution so like the career services team.
Chris Wong: And then, when I go into like the problems, I'm seeing coaches and and students which are not necessarily the institution themselves, but like the people within the institution. So it's like being able to map the customer segment. And the problem, I think, would be like more like exactness and or like narrowness in terms of like the segment. And then also, like the problem that is tied towards that cut that segment.
Chris Wong: So cause I'm seeing, like the disconnect between the 2 right now.
Andrew Fernandes: I have a question kind of process, wise, regardless, when your customer and your user are different.
Andrew Fernandes: What's the best way to document that here, because in this case it applies.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, you can include your users under in the same box of your customer segments.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But just offer up the disclaimer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's 2 layers.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That being said like, you could also just manipulate it. And just say, Hey, user segments and customer segments, you can create your own box
Neal Sáles-Griffin: if you want.
antoinecarriere: Yeah, it feels to me be reading it now that higher educational institutions kind of services are almost like a channel of
antoinecarriere: through which we reach users and true customers to some extent
antoinecarriere: that are, that are, that are the
antoinecarriere: the, the students or the people who are facing facing the problem.
antoinecarriere: But it's it's really it's kind of we we have that struggle between. Who is the buyer? Are we kind of? Are we talking? Are we kind of trying to solve the problem of the carrier services? Are we trying to solve the problem of the job seeker? And that is, that is clearly apparent here. It's unclear what we're what we're targeting.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hello!
Carlo Scaglia: I think it's not so much observation. But more of a question is, I'm curious to know how
Carlo Scaglia: Bob's comments yesterday might affect your reasoning around the link. Canvas.
Alex Nativelle: Probably affects it. I think it. It resonates with a lot of the things we've been talking about. You know, about the long term vision for brio.
Alex Nativelle: And just, I think right now, we're more likely to. Okay. Let's re-watch it, because the intensity of the moment makes it tough to just
Alex Nativelle: get everything. And I need to. We need to take a bit of a step back to.
Alex Nativelle: you know. Understand what he was saying? Exactly. And
Alex Nativelle: unpack everything. But yeah, there's probably something here to do, and just go from where we are right now to maybe what
Alex Nativelle: he was saying, or to another path that we're crafting.
Ankur Toshniwal: I I think.
Ankur Toshniwal: for I I mean the customer segments. I I think the key issues. I think in the problem.
Ankur Toshniwal: it feels like, there's this bigger substance thing that's that you could, you guys could point out
Ankur Toshniwal: it's and it feels like it's. It could be simple, simpler, which is simply that students education
Ankur Toshniwal: isn't prepping them properly for jobs, for for employment, or something something like that is the foundational issue. Rather than the interview prep itself. It's like students aren't prepared for
Ankur Toshniwal: employment. And then the bullets. And here's why, right, I just feel like there's 1 bullet maybe missing, which is.
Ankur Toshniwal: students are students. Academic education isn't preparing them.
Ankur Toshniwal: for, you know, to to to go into job interviews. And then the second, the second thing. Okay. Now the the coaches that help them are have limited availability. And so I think there's that that one line, maybe, and then that that like big meaty, what's this big giant problem you're solving is
Ankur Toshniwal: is, you guys know it. But it's just not written here. I feel. That's that's how I feel.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, that's very interesting. Yeah, I love how you summarized it.
Vivian: I don't know where this plays into it, because I feel like whenever I've heard about your problem, you talk about it ultimately, it's like the universities need to raise money, and it relies on the ability for their students to get jobs, too. So I don't know where that
Vivian: fits into it, but I've heard that come out of our conversations as well.
Alex Nativelle: I'm not sure I understood exactly.
Vivian: So talking about the problem, I guess, the ability to help students be more prepared for their their interviews. But if the ultimate goal is, for you know, students are not getting jobs, and this is gonna help them, but also help the universities.
antoinecarriere: Yeah.
Vivian: So I think that's the higher up. Maybe the 2.
antoinecarriere: Was the
antoinecarriere: that was the pitch at the at the at the text. Introductory that Alex the pitch that you that that that you and I prepared where we focus on hey? Schools are not kind of delivering on their their core problem, and they're going to die if they? If they don't, if they don't, don't deliver, they they really need to kind of
antoinecarriere: and that. And that's kind of it's it's just another spin. Another kind of
antoinecarriere: we? We do, we do we? We have some skills of on. Who are we talking to? Who is the customer? Are we talking to the head of the school. Are we talking to the current services? Are we talking to the students and the the discussion, the the presentation of the problem and the solution, etc, to the these various stakeholders is going to be very different.
antoinecarriere: And I think we're we're still unclear.
antoinecarriere: I think this Lincanva was really focused on the on this, the the school
antoinecarriere: and the carrier services, and to Chris's point, not maybe focused enough on on what?
antoinecarriere: I think we have. We have that a little bit of a really type problem. Who is the who in that complicated value chain? Are we? Are we talking to.
Ankur Toshniwal: Agreed. But and and when you do decide, I think it will be like clear. Because then your thing isn't that students aren't getting interview. Prep. It's then it's like students or colleges aren't being ranked better or aren't getting the
Ankur Toshniwal: recognition that they need, because their students aren't getting placed at top jobs, right? Because then it's completely from the college perspective or the university perspective. And then that makes a lot of sense. Or it's completely from the student perspective. It's like they're not getting the jobs they need or colleges are not getting ranked better. They're not getting the endowment that they want, because, you know, they're not being able to place students at top top firms. Either of those is one of those is like the big big
Ankur Toshniwal: so and I love that like that makes me so excited for for you guys to go like
Ankur Toshniwal: kick, kick. This problem's ass, right? And then then the the steps of it are like, yeah, okay, like, what is the the bullets of it? That's stuff that you know, you guys have a lot of research on. It's awesome. But yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright, Chris, last comment. Then I've got a final exercise for us for the final 15.
Chris Wong: Yeah, I think one comment that resonated was from Bob yesterday was that universities are really like, they're really like tight with their money. And so it seems like there's a struggle there with having them to be the payer. But maybe there's some way to get the students to push push this push the universities to get back whatever tuition money that they paid in some kind of way to create, that
Chris Wong: when I think about this, I think of a company called Handshake. I used to be their lawyer for a brief moment of time, but they had this struggle, and what they and and that's something I would like, maybe go into their see what their early stage playbook was to get into like career services and really become tapped in and kind of like penetrate within that. But this kind of like reminds me of that kind of like narrative, like being able to difficultly get into like the students, and they started to go after like
Chris Wong: students that are like very low tiered universities where their pain point was there. But they didn't go after the great big institutions, because they already had like resources and a built out system. But they were chasing after the really small universities. So I'm just like my my thought was just like, think about! Look at handshake, look at their playbook, and see how they did it in the early days, and that could have been like a good example of how to help with this slightly different pain point. But same type of like customers.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Awesome. Alright so quick Easter egg for you all like, I said, you can manipulate the canvas into whatever form makes sense for your situation. So here's when I ran for Mayor. How I restructured the link canvas the better. Reflect my efforts for the campaign, and you can see a little bit more detail about how I decided to like break down.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: how I thought about everything that was important. So just thought you guys would appreciate that this can take different forms. If you choose to modify it. So I just came up with these categories, because once I learned how political campaigns work. I reverse engine that engineered that into a campus I could talk to everybody about
Neal Sáles-Griffin: this helped me like talk to people like Jason freed, for example, to become a big donor and supporter of my efforts at the time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: there's a level of detail. You can go. That takes a little bit further. It shows you're really like being serious about how you're thinking about. What's gonna drive your business forward.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. So 7 min each we're gonna pair up the companies in here. Brio. Since we spent the most time on you, I'm gonna we're gonna triple you up into a group, so you can kind of be the referee and help another company dig in but Chloe's already got them queued up. What I want you all to do is take 7 min each. I recommend you record audio of it so that you can just talk it out with each other. Explain your lean canvas
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and talk through the the boxes of it. You can visualize it, or you can just have a conversation with them about it. But then I want to see updates after this of of your refined and refactored updated lean canvases doesn't have to happen tonight. It can happen in the next week, but I would love to meet with each of you, and actually walk through all the boxes in detail, and give each of you individualized coaching and feedback on how you talk about your business at a high level.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, and in terms of next steps seeing this and jobs reflected on your website and like how you're externally presenting alongside your sales materials. That's kind of the immediate follow up before I drop you in. Does everyone have access to their original lean canvas?
Chloe Lannert: Can everyone find them? I mean I have them in a folder. I'll just copy that over in basecamp
Chloe Lannert: for anyone who doesn't.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool. Okay, you guys understand the assignment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright, Chloe, whenever you're ready we'll drop them in.
Chloe Lannert: Great.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool.
Chloe Lannert: Query.